update scripts and doc for login-server setup without docker (#783)
gradido/gradido: login_server/README.md

# Build Login-Server yourself 
## Linux (Ubuntu) Packets
install build essentials 

```bash
sudo apt install -y gcovr build-essential gettext libcurl4-openssl-dev libssl-dev libsodium-dev libboost-dev
``` 

## CMake

> I use CMake for build file generation and the Login-Server needs at least version v3.18.2
> You can build and install it from source. 
> The Version in apt is sadly to old.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CMake is used for build file generation and the Login-Server needs at least version v3.18.2
You can build and install it from source. 
The Version in apt is sadly to old.
```
